A hello everyone! My name is Enos and today we're going to be
talking about how to use hand gestures in oral presentations.
These are the two goals of this parliamentary video. The
first goal is to provide a general overview of how to use hand gestures in a presentation,
and the second goal is to outline the different types of gestures
that we can use and how to use them in an efficient way.
The contents of this parliamentary video will be the following. First of all,
I'll begin with an introduction, which will be followed by an
explanation of hand gestures in oral presentations. I will then
move on to structural hand gestures and content hand gestures to then
finish up with some conclusions:
Why are gestures helpful in an oral presentation? Have you ever
asked yourself that when you watch a Tiktok video when you
use an Instagram post when you watch a president address an audience,
Do they use gestures? How do they use these gestures? So these
are three reasons why gestures are helpful when
when presenting to an audience. The first one is that gestures
can help you captivate the audience by getting their attention.
Tongue's are the first thing that we look at when we see someone new
as well as the eyes. But eyes don't move Hands, however, do
and movement attracts our attention. It's not the same if I'm just presenting like this
that if I am presenting moving my hands.
Secondly, gestures help you narrate and illustrate your texts. Imagine
you're talking about you're talking about a very tall man.
Or perhaps you're talking about a very tall man.
Or a very short man Or a very short man.
So here, gestures can also help you basically illustrate or
define characterized what or who you're talking about.
And third, gestures can help you structure speech. This is what
we will talk about in a minute, which is structural gesture. Use
gestures in oral presentations. We've spoken about the importance of hands.
Hands are one of the key elements in body language. We use our
hands for many things in communication to enrich and reinforce
the content of your message.
In example, would you like some cake Or it would you like some cake
This gesture invites the audience to participate in the way
that we are offering something to them. Another example would be
how are you today? How are you Today This gesture helps pinpoint
exactly who is the addressee of your question,
and here we divide gestures between structural gestures and content gestures.
Let's see what this means.
Structural hand gestures collaborate with textual
and resources and connect us to ease the transition of ideas into a text.
You can say first, second third, on the one hand, on the other hand
to wrap up. Additionally, all of these gestures, they
basically illustrate how an idea changes into another idea.
How about an example?
This presentation is structured in three parts. First of all,
the introduction will address the role of metaphor in everyday speech.
Secondly, I will explain different types of metaphors. Thirdly,
I will share some findings of a recent study of metaphor. To
conclude, I will summarize the main ideas of the talk.
Now, let's see how this changes. This presentation is structured
into three parts. First of all, the presentation will address
the role of metaphor in everyday speech. Secondly, it will explain
different types of metaphors. Thirdly, I will share some findings
of the study of metaphor. And to conclude, I will summarize the
main ideas of the talk. Can you see how gestures change the
efficiency of the transition between ideas in this text?
Another example, using metaphors in a text can facilitate its correct understanding,
but it may also add a layer of complexity. On the one hand, metaphors
enable a more direct way of speaking about complex topics such as emotions.
On the other hand, they often require the speaker to have the capacity to understand
the points of similarity between the source and the target domain.
How about using metaphor in the test can facilitate its correct understanding,
but it may also add a layer of complexity on the one hand. Multiples
enable a more direct way of speaking about complex topics such as emotions,
And on the other hand, they often require the speaker to have
the capacity to understand the points of similarity between the source
and the target domain.
How have gestures improved this text? Please give this some thought.
So content hand gestures serve the purpose of visually illustrating
elements that appear in The text? We can have a circle gesture
or a tall vs. short gesture or a crazy gesture. How do these gestures
change the way we portray or define items elements participants in our text.
Let's look at another example. I once knew a very short man
who was however very fierce. He was afraid of nothing at all.
He once received a mysterious box at the entrance of his house
and see how it changes into. I once knew a very short man who
was however very fierce. He was afraid of nothing at all.
He once received a mysterious box at the entrance of his house.
Again, just change the way we get attracted, captivated by
a text and the way we define different elements of this text.
So to conclude, hand gestures are very powerful tool and also
a very useful tool to strengthen the impact of your oral presentation.
Both structural and content, hand gestures reinforce the text.
Content gestures help illustrate elements of the narration
and structural gestures serve the purpose of reinforcing the link between ideas.
Thank you so much for listening.